hey guys what's up its Brad from over
commercial com today we have yet another
one of our class setup videos are going
to go through this particular class is
kind of its unique a little bit because
the web more in question is kind of like
it's a really got long range on it but
yet it's still an SMG talking about of
course the Peacekeeper which came with
the revolution dlc which wasn't too long
ago obviously the guns been nerfed a bit
so it doesn't do quite as much damage
but it's still pretty powerful and I
found it to be very useful it's still
one of my favorite smgs despite the
decrease in damage it's very very
accurate it's very steady it's got
hardly any recoil on it which makes it
really easy to take down multiple
enemies at once the clip size is pretty
decent too so you can take down a good
you know three four enemies in one good
magazine clip size if you really want to
if you're capable of doing it I mean if
you get your shots dead-on it's very
easy to take out three or four guys at
once um so we're going to go with a
peacekeeper of the weapon the
attachments I usually used a foregrip
along with the reflex sight for grip
obviously adds more accuracies probably
reduces the recoil just a little bit
more the reflex scope gives you a little
bit more distance on the gun it also
gives just that you know that little red
dot sight which makes it a little bit
easier to aim at your enemies and I
believe it actually improves your
accuracy to yeah so yeah that's a great
attachment for it for your secondary
usually go the b23r it's one of my
favorite pistols personally it's a
little bit overpowered in my opinion but
at the same time I like to use it
because it is a quick two three shots
and the enemies down it's especially
good when you run out of your
peacekeeper ammo and you need to swap to
something real quick and maybe finish
off a kill or even get a kill because
you know another guys coming around a
corner this is a great pistol used for
that we're not going to put any
attachments on that and then before we
get into the perks are going to throw on
a wild card and that is going to be for
the perk 1 greed and the reason being is
because when we get a perk 1 we're going
to pick up to and that's going to be
lightweight so you can move around a
little bit faster
and just you know be able to get around
enemies and objectives as quickly as
possible and then for / to go to
hardline I like using hard line on this
particular class because you can really
rack up scorestreaks bigger score
streaks to especially when you use
hardline because it makes it easier to
pick up your score streaks because it
takes a little bit less points to
actually get each 14 / to go toughness
so this way when you're aiming down your
sights and there's an enemy firing you
at the same time you don't have to worry
about as much of that bounce and kick
because when you tend to get usually
when you get hit by enemy bullets while
you're aiming it kind of tends to drift
up a little bit because your players
reacting as in getting hit with bullets
but toughness kind of reduces that so
that's a good perk to have on perk 3 or
neo dexterity I like using this because
I mean with lightweight you're running
around really quickly and sometimes you
can get caught off guard but if you
don't have a UAV or an orbital vsat up
there might be an enemy coming around a
corner you don't know about it and they
pop out around the corner and you don't
have enough time to pull up to your
sites to actually take them take them
out dexterity really helps with that a
lot when you go from a full sprint to
going to a d/s it actually makes it much
faster so I like using that with this
class and then finally just for your
lethal we're going to go with frag
grenade I usually go to some text but
for this one i like to use it for kind
of objective based games like capture
flag and domination sometimes Search and
Destroy and I just like to be able to
have something like and toss directly on
to the objective when I know there's
multiple enemies there so that's really
good to have for that because the frag
does a good job taking out enemies that
are sitting on the objective but of
course if you're playing objective games
you know most people also run with a
flak jacket so it doesn't always work
but at least takes down their shields
enough to where you can go in with the
Peacekeeper and mow them down pretty
quickly and that's pretty much it for
this class like I said it's really
really well-rounded class so you can use
it for you know short range medium range
and somewhat long distance not like all
the way across map distance but it does
shoot pretty well and have very good
accuracy at a distance especially with
the reflex and for grip on it just makes
it more steady and more capable
of keeping that full auto fire going on
in a distance and like I said the b23r
is great for those when you get up to
like an encounter where you have to take
out two three four enemies with a
peacekeeper and you run out of ammo and
there's still another guy coming around
the corner or you just need to finish a
guy off this is really easy to switch to
the b23r and just pop them off and
that's pretty much it for this one guys
we got quite a few more coming we're
almost through with doing the SMGs well
we're doing one video per weapon right
now but we're going to make our way
around again but right now we're going
to go through the SMGs then go through
the assault rifles and the sniper rifles
and so on and so forth in that fashion
and we also have unconventional setup so
we're going to be doing which will be
pretty nifty and fun run around with so
be sure to hit that subscribe button and
keep up with guys Cheers